Update HCP Terraform changelog: 2026-07-21 (#2883)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/changelog.mdx

Keep track of changes to HCP Terraform.

## 2026-07-21

> * Project select elements now correctly reference existing helper text and validation error IDs, ensuring assistive technologies accurately describe the current state of the project selection. This change prevents references to missing or hidden elements, improving accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved accessibility for project selection elements.  Project select elements now correctly reference existing helper text and validation error IDs, ensuring assistive technologies accurately describe the current state of the project selection. This change prevents references to missing or hidden elements, improving accessibility.
```

## 2026-07-16

> * HCP Terraform now evaluates policies written for Terraform policy (beta): Terraform policy is an HCL-based policy-as-code framework that integrates with HCP Terraform and helps platform teams enforce policies at each stage of the infrastructure lifecycle, including the initialization phase. Refer to [Terraform policy](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/define-policies/terraform-policy) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Terraform policy (beta) in HCP Terraform. HCP Terraform now evaluates policies written for Terraform policy (beta).  Terraform policy is an HCL-based policy-as-code framework that enforces policies at each stage of the infrastructure lifecycle, including the initialization phase. Refer to [Terraform policy](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/define-policies/terraform-policy) for more information.
```

## 2026-06-24

* HCP Terraform metrics. HCP Terraform metrics now include new metrics such as workspace count, organization team token age, project count, billable resource count, workspace current run status, and workspace current run status count. Refer to [Metrics reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/metrics#metrics-reference) for more information.

## 2026-06-10

> * HCP Terraform now provides a dedicated **Actions** page that shows actions declared in your Terraform configuration. You can view action invocation history and statuses and invoke or re-invoke actions directly from the UI. Refer to [Manage Terraform actions](/terraform/cloud-docs/actions) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dedicated **Actions** page. HCP Terraform now provides a dedicated **Actions** page that shows actions declared in your Terraform configuration. You can view action invocation history and statuses and invoke or re-invoke actions directly from the UI. Refer to [Manage Terraform actions](/terraform/cloud-docs/actions) for more information.
```

> * Stack deployment runs now display action invocations in the structured run output. You can view lifecycle action invocations alongside standard run steps, including their status, timing, and resource association. Refer to [Review deployment runs](/terraform/cloud-docs/stacks/deploy/runs) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stack deployment runs display action invocations in the structured run output. You can view lifecycle action invocations alongside standard run steps, including their status, timing, and resource association. Refer to [Review deployment runs](/terraform/cloud-docs/stacks/deploy/runs) for more information.
```

Keep track of changes to HCP Terraform.

## 2026-07-21

* Improved accessibility for project selection elements.  Project select elements now correctly reference existing helper text and validation error IDs, ensuring assistive technologies accurately describe the current state of the project selection. This change prevents references to missing or hidden elements, improving accessibility.

## 2026-07-17

> * The TFC_AWS_PROVIDER_AUTH_PRO workspace variable no longer fails to render in the workspaces variables UI, ensuring correct trimming of aliases at the end of variable strings. This prevents irrelevant matching and improves the reliability of variable display.

Reviewer 2: @mattschouten  commented: This changelog entry is not very clear to me. The phrase "no longer fails to render" is particularly confusing, but overall, I cannot tell from this entry what has changed.
